Stop! Grab him! Grab him!
Let me go keep you let me go
Save all this nonsense and go to the police station
Kidnapping of children
Attempted homicide
This time I'll see how you can escape and then leave
Hey let me go let me go
I'm fine.
Are you hurt?
Xi Shao, why are you here?
I heard from Sibao
This child has
Has the same birthmark as him
So I guess he's our Wu Bao
Thank you Xi Shao for saving me and Wubao
He was in shock
I took him to the hospital
Hey, Xi Shao, you got hurt like this to save him
He didn't even say thank you.
Cut it out.
These are all things I should do.
I failed to protect him five years ago
But this time I finally caught up
Oops, hey, hey.
Sir, sir.
Come on, come on